okay this is it it's almost Valentine's
Day and that would be the day when I'm
finally gonna say to Lulu what I wanted
to say for so long and there's gonna be
absolutely nothing that's gonna stop me
attention everyone at Ashford Academy
especially to Shirley Fannett I'm here
to announce that Lelouch and Kahlan are
going out
think how much selection we'll have
every day I will make sure that every
week it's Pizza Hut week yes brilliant
plan oh god do I love it
once we conquer the cafeteria there'll
be no one you will stop I'm actually
doing something that doesn't involve me
trying desperately to get Lulu's
attention ironically you just did you
annoying little scale once dinner I do
we all do don't we especially you
newcomer know that we are here I guess
we should introduce ourselves
I'm wiggle my turn my name is Shirley
and I am Nina pleased to meet you
and let's not forget Professor Xavier
just give me the pizza already I'm
starving hold on guys we can't start
this party without some underage
drinking no help me
screw you don't worry about what
happened Shirley Lelouch said he didn't
mind the champagne especially since
there's all over Kahlan
knock knock damn golly I think I'm in
the wrong place and why are you still
here so you want your sweet little Lulu
to fall madly in love with you well I
know exactly what you need to do
no you need to co cubed he's an expert
on bringing people together look here's
his number oh I'll definitely do this
well I called you man and he said he'll
be here what's taking so long he needs
to hurry up and make Lulu fall in love
with me against his will hey sexy
girlfriend you gotta be kidding me
ah you are surely yes I am now I'm you
to be okay not only that I also have the
power of unlimited music say any music
you want to listen to you and you shall
hear it you can say that how the hey
love that you hear oh well actually the
second time I saw you
oh wait uh could you wait a sec ah music
please mm-hmm oh oh yes together for
quite some time there's been something
all right sorry what what song was it
again surely we've been here all night
now the sun's coming up happy
Valentine's Day to you too I guess
but seriously what the hell is the staff
wroth looking motherfucking doing here
always been doing is playing we're
gastly it's alright just want to know
surely come on what was this about to
start well that was weird